Both programs yilded the similar results, with just a minor variations of the correlation
coefficients values. The following columns were selected:
numerical: external_fails, age, social_activities, heath, 
travel_time, free_time, family_relationship, absences,
independent_studytime, father_education, mother_education.

nominative: tutor, pursues_higher_education, in_relationship,
mother_job, sex, address.

Overall, the data did have plenty of empty values in many columns,
with even exam scores missing for some students. Certain columns(sex, school, age)
did not have any null values at all, but overaall the columns had
around 19 empty values on average.

There were not that many outliers, with few occassional typo's. There
were many outliers in the column "absences", but other than that the
data was rather clear. There were no statistical outliers in the score
column.

Analysis of numerical columns selected:
external_fails: out of all the numerical values
this one had the strongest negative correlation(-0.34 with imputation,
-0.35 without imputation both to 2 d.p.), but the 
column in itself is very ambiguous. The correlation implies
that students who suffer no external failures tend to do better in exam.

age: a weak negative correlation implies that younger students perform better
in exams, either due to more free time they can spend on revision, or due to
better academic abilities of students who do not need to re-sit the exam.

social_activities - weak negative correlation implies that
students with high social activity perform worse during in exams,
probably due to sacrificing extra revision hours on social activities.

health - healthy students tend to perform worse during the exams, potentially
due to having more ability to spend their time elsewhere. The reasoning for
this one is ambiguous.

free_time - a weak positive correlation can be seen here, impying that students with
more free time perform better in the exams, potentially due to having less exoustion
from both mental and physical activities.

family_relationship - a weak positive correlation implies that families with good
relationship may be providing a healthier envirement for studying.

absences - an odd weak positive correlation can be seen here. From the graph,
it is clear that students with no absences tend to have a larger spread of the results,
yet the line or regression still implies that students who miss a few days of school
perform better in an exam, potentially due to ability to choose their own pace of studying
at home or due to quiet envirement at home. This does not include the students with
long absences.

independent_studytime - a common sense - the more student revises at home,
the better he performs in an exam.

father_education and mother_education - positive correlation here implies that
parents tend to help their children perform better if they have better education.
For both programs the correlation coefficent for mother education is higher, implying
that mum's take to participate more in their children's education.

nominative:

tutor - the data suggests that students who have a math tutor tend
to have a smaller spread of marks - their minimal score is greater than
the minimal score of students who do not, yet their maximal value is lower, suggesting
that students who perform the best do not need a math tutor to get a good score.

pursues_higher_education - students who wish to get a degree afther the exam tend to
perorm better all around - their minimal, maximal, mean and median are well above.

in_relationship - the data suggests that students who are in a relationship tend to perform
a little bit worse.

mother_job - it is unclear why this column has a higher spread than the father_job one,
but as suggested in mother_education, it might be due to the fact that mother's tend to
participate more in their children's education.

sex - the data shows that boys tend to perform a little bit better in maths than the girls.

address - the students living in Urban areas tend to perform better, potentially due to easier access
to different sources of information such as libraries.